README.md, before:

# E-commerce

## Description 
Internet retail, also known as **e-commerce**, plays a significant role within the electronics industry, as it empowers businesses and consumers alike to conveniently engage in online buying and selling of electronic products. In the latest available data from 2021, the industry in the United States alone was estimated to have generated the substantial amount of US$2.54 trillion, according to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development. E-commerce platforms like Shopify and WooCommerce provide a suite of services to businesses of all sizes. Due to the prevalence of these platforms, developers should understand the fundamental architecture of e-commerce sites.

My task is to build the back end for an e-commerce site by modifying starter code. Ill configure a working Express.js API to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database.


## Table of contents

- [About](#About)
- [Description](#description)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)



## Technologies

- JavaScript
- Node.js
- NPM 
- JSON
- inquirer
- MySql
- Dotenv
- Sequelize


## Installation


## Usage


## License
![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-orange.svg)



Copyright (c) 2023 Joshua

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

ReadMe and password removal from env

README.md, after:

# E-commerce

## Description 
Internet retail, also known as **e-commerce**, plays a significant role within the electronics industry, as it empowers businesses and consumers alike to conveniently engage in online buying and selling of electronic products. In the latest available data from 2021, the industry in the United States alone was estimated to have generated the substantial amount of US$2.54 trillion, according to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development. E-commerce platforms like Shopify and WooCommerce provide a suite of services to businesses of all sizes. Due to the prevalence of these platforms, developers should understand the fundamental architecture of e-commerce sites.

My task is to build the back end for an e-commerce site by modifying starter code. Ill configure a working Express.js API to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database.


## Table of contents

- [About](#about)
- [Description](#description)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)



## Technologies

- JavaScript
- Node.js
- NPM 
- JSON
- inquirer
- MySql
- Dotenv
- Sequelize


## Installation
- Clone the repo
- Install node and the dependencies (mysql2, sequlize, dotenv,)
- Configure the env file with you MYsql database credentials


## Usage

to run the application 
1. Access terminal 
2. Enter npm install 
3. Enter mysql -u root -p press enter 
4. Enter password
5. Source db/schema.sql;  
6. then enter exit
7. In the terminal enter Npm run seed
8. Npm start
9. Test the Api routes like in the walkthrough video.
 
 
 - [Video walkthrough](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15EdoTyCSRRhscEGZr84isJsRbvlDaQgr/view) for reference.

    ![Screenshot of App](ScrennshotOfRoutes.png)




## About
- [My-GitHub](https://github.com/JIF945)
- [Email](mailto:joshua.james918@gmail.com) for any questions. 



## License
![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-orange.svg)



Copyright (c) 2023 Joshua

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
